README.md, before:

# GOV.UK Prototype kit · [![Greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/alphagov/govuk_prototype_kit.svg)](https://greenkeeper.io/)

Go to the [GOV.UK Prototype Kit site](https://govuk-prototype-kit.herokuapp.com/docs) to download the latest version and read the documentation.

## About the prototype kit

The prototype kit provides a simple way to make interactive prototypes that look like pages on GOV.UK. These prototypes can be used to show ideas to people you work with, and to do user research.

Read the [project principles](https://govuk-prototype-kit.herokuapp.com/docs/principles).

## Security

If you publish your prototypes online, they **must** be protected by a [username and password](https://govuk-prototype-kit.herokuapp.com/docs/publishing-on-heroku). This is to prevent members of the public finding prototypes and thinking they are real services.

You must protect user privacy at all times, even when using prototypes. Prototypes made with the kit look like GOV.UK, but do not have the same security provisions. Always make sure you are handling user data appropriately.

## Installation instructions

- [Installation guide for new users (non technical)](https://govuk-prototype-kit.herokuapp.com/docs/install/introduction)
- [Installation guide for developers (technical)](https://govuk-prototype-kit.herokuapp.com/docs/install/developer-install-instructions)

## Community

We have two Slack channels for the Prototype kit. You'll need a government email address to join them.

* [Slack channel for users of the prototype kit](https://ukgovernmentdigital.slack.com/messages/prototype-kit/)
* [Slack channel for developers of the prototype kit](https://ukgovernmentdigital.slack.com/messages/prototype-kit-dev/)

Commit message:

Add some hand over instructions

README.md, after:

## Email Team Prototype

This is a prototype of a email subscription management interface. We plan to do
user research into this for Q3.

## Setup

```
$ npm install
$ npm start
```

Then visit [http://localhost:3000/manage](http://localhost:3000/manage)

## Things left to do

We need to make the protoype work with data, perhaps backed by
[local storage](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/localStorage).

Currently, clicking on things like 'Unsubscribe' changes the UI but it doesn't
manipulate any data. We need to add this behaviour to `manage.js`.

We then need to integrate this against the
[existing prototype](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B-VU1pLvidLjZ2psdXd2UVJnNFk)
by adding a link from the 'Verification' page of the Education taxonomy to this
app.

When we direct people to this app we should set some params, e.g.
`email=foo@example.com&title=All%20publications&frequency=immediate|daily|weekly&edit_subscription_url=http://example.com`

We can then store these params in local storage as a subscription.

The `edit_subscription_url` should link back to the signup journey when the
'Refine subscription' button is clicked in this prototype.

We also need to host this prototype on Heroku and pull in the files from the
previous protoype into this one.

There are some instructions on this
[here](https://govuk-prototype-kit.herokuapp.com/docs/publishing-on-heroku).
